In this lesson, we will consider
the organizational and talent issues that surround building a data science practice.
Although data science human capital issues share
many characteristics of building teams and organizations in other technical areas,
the distinct mix of skills and job requirements of
a data scientist introduce several considerations you need to data science.
One of the particular challenges arises in sourcing data science candidates.
Because data science specific degree programs are relatively new offering,
we must look to other academic traditions,
such as statistics, mathematics, computer science,
economics, physics for data science candidates.
As we proceed through this lesson,
we will cover strategies specifically designed to meet
the challenges of staffing and managing a data science practice.